USHIFT-267: stubs for MicroShift product documentation (#50054)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_support/microshift-version.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-version"]
= MicroShift Version
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-version
toc::[]

> 

Author: Does that text appear in the published page, or should it be a comment for someone editing the doc?

[id="microshift-version-cli"]

> == Checking the MicroShift Version from the command line

Reviewer: Assuming the `{product-title}` attribute is MicroShift:
```suggestion
== Checking the {product-title} Version from the command-line
```

> From the command line, use `microshift version` to check the version information.

Reviewer: I realize this hasn't been broken up into its own procedure module just yet, but even single step procedures are itemized:
```suggestion
.Procedure
* Run the following command to check the version information:
+
```

Author: The proposed change also removes the text that comes before the procedure. Should that be retained in another way or is it superfluous?

Reviewer: It should be retained, but as the step instruction. I tried to reflect this in the sentence proposed for line 12

[source,terminal]
----
$ microshift version
----

> 

Reviewer: Chaining portions of a step together, including input with output, requires a `+` between the lines:
```suggestion
+
```

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
MicroShift Version: 4.10.0-0.microshift-e6980e25
Base OCP Version: 4.10.18
----

[id="microshift-version-api"]
== Checking the MicroShift Version via the API

> Through the API, access the `kube-public/microshift-version` ConfigMap to retrieve the same information.

Reviewer: Similar to the previous comment, single step procedures are itemized:
```suggestion
.Procedure
* Using the API, access the `kube-public/microshift-version` ConfigMap to retrieve the same information:
+
```

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get configmap -n kube-public microshift-version -o yaml
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

.Example output

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: Would it make more sense to use the YAML syntax highlighting here?

Author: Yes, good point.
